feat(juju): add plugin for Juju (juju.is) (#10075)
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh: plugins/juju/README.md

# juju plugin

This plugin provides useful aliases and functions for [juju](https://juju.is/)
(for TAB completion, refer to the 
[official repo](https://github.com/juju/juju/blob/develop/etc/bash_completion.d/juju)).

To use this plugin, add `juju` to the plugins array in your zshrc file.

```zsh
plugins=(... juju)
```

> ## Aliases

Reviewer: Markdown headers have a line of separation with the content below.

> Generally,

Reviewer: Use a colon here and add a line of separation with the list items.

- `!` means `--force --no-wait -y`
- `ds` suffix means --destroy-storage

### General
| Alias | Command                                                | Description                                                               |
|-------|--------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | jdl   | juju debug-log --ms                                    | Display log, with millisecond resolution                                  |
> | jdlr  | juju debug-log --ms --replay                           | Replay entire log                                                         |
> | jh    | juju help                                              | Show help on a command or other topic                                     |
> | jstj  | juju status --format=json                              | Show status in json format (more detailed)                                |
> | jst   | juju status --relations --storage --color              | Show status, including relations and storage, in color                    |

Reviewer: Use `backticks` in the alias names and commands, and keep the table columns as fitted around the content as possible:
```suggestion
| `jdl`  | `juju debug-log --ms`                       | Display log, with millisecond resolution               |
| `jdlr` | `juju debug-log --ms --replay`              | Replay entire log                                      |
| `jh`   | `juju help`                                 | Show help on a command or other topic                  |
| `jstj` | `juju status --format=json`                 | Show status in json format (more detailed)             |
| `jst`  | `juju status --relations --storage --color` | Show status, including relations and storage, in color |
```

| jrmsas | juju remove-saas                                      | Remove consumed applications (SAAS) from the model                        |
| junex  | juju unexpose                                         | Remove public availability over the network for an application            |

### Bundle
| Alias | Command                                                | Description                                                               |
|-------|--------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| jeb   | juju export-bundle                                     | Export the current model configuration as a reusable bundle               |

## Functions

| Function | Arguments                         | Description                                                |
|----------|-----------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------|
| `jaddr`  | `app_name [unit_num]              | displau app or unit ip address                             |
| `jreld`  | `relation_name app_name unit_num` | display app and unit relation data                         |

> | `wjst`   | `[interval]`                      | watch juju status, with optional interval (default: 5 sec) |

Reviewer: The function accepts more arguments that are passed to the `watch` commands, you should document that or fix the function code.

> | Function | Arguments                         | Description                                                |
> |----------|-----------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------|
> | `jaddr`  | `app_name [unit_num]              | displau app or unit ip address                             |
> | `jreld`  | `relation_name app_name unit_num` | display app and unit relation data                         |
> | `wjst`   | `[interval]`                      | watch juju status, with optional interval (default: 5 sec) |

Reviewer: I believe a function list would go better to visualize what each function does (and watch typos):
```suggestion
- `jaddr <app_name> [unit_num]`: display app or unit IP address.
- `jreld <relation_name> <app_name> <unit_num>`: display app and unit relation data.
- `wjst [interval_secs]`: watch juju status, with optional interval (default: 5s).
```
